when transpires me because she's without
her towel and just made me want to do
the same
[Music]
from the day of the amputations and the
recovery began very very quickly from
there sort of meant wait you were gonna
bring this little body I'm no hands no
feet
shame about to do anything gonna need
help for the rest of our life I'm really
from that moment she's been proven us
wrong every single day in every single
thing from feeding herself to dressing
herself the level that she's got to in
this woman's just been incredible
[Music]
wind has changed my life because she's
shown me that I can't swim the first
time I met her I was so excited and I
couldn't actually believe that was there
when twin spires me because she was
without her towel and just made me want
to do the same I didn't learn to swim
till I was quite old I just took a long
time a very long time when the ice where
my ice do you think about winter when I
was learning to swim
[Music]
when winter first arrived and I had a
chance to see her injuries up close I
really didn't understand the extent of
her injuries and it really wasn't till
the next morning when we started to see
that there was no blood flow that she
would eventually lose her tail and it
was a very emotional moment for
everybody because immediately we thought
she's not going to make it
winters case is very unique the extent
of her injuries is something that we've
not experienced before so we really had
to work together to come up with a
creative solution to address her medical
issues and then also her long-term care
we gave her many opportunities very
early on to try to move throughout the
water column on her own and she quickly
adopted the side-to-side motion but
unfortunately there were going to be
complications as a result of her moving
that way
[Music]
so a solution to this problem is to work
with hanger prosthetics to develop a
prosthesis for her that would allow her
to utilize those muscles and to move her
body the way that dolphins naturally
moved their body when they swim so it is
a great form of physical therapy and it
allows us to maintain the normal
architecture of her spine ultimately
winter had to decide that she was going
to wear it and utilize it and so we
pushed it very slowly
we have really designed something that's
very specific to winter and really took
into consideration the qualities of
dolphin skin and how dolphins move and
how powerful they are and every time we
made improvements to the prosthesis
winter was very open to trying the new
prototypes
I've been three times though as it
winter and I still want to go again when
I go over the winter I go next to the
boiler start stoking now it's really
exciting to see how again my goals for
the future are to go to the Paralympics
I do want to win medals but I just want
to go there
because it looks very fun when I'm on
the diving block before I jump in I feel
really excited
[Music]
I'm really proud of ready in every every
part she's never felt sorry for herself
she's never asked why me she's very
proud of what what she isn't how she is
shied away from nothing shied away from
no company I've got friends got law at
school she really just seems to get on
with life and a mostly a very nice smile
on her face as well
she's snowboarded she ran a mile once at
the school for me watching her swimming
has been a real high point as somebody
who's worked very closely with winter
and as a mom myself I just warms my
heart whenever I hear about stories like
Ellie
knowing that she's overcome so much and
she was able to be inspired by winter to
just go on to do amazing things herself
water great swim what a prospect for the
future I feel privileged having the
opportunity to meet some of the
wonderful people that are drawn to
winter and I have the opportunity to
meet them because of her she enjoys
interacting with her pool mate hope and
her caregivers and the special people
that come to meet her and there's been
times where people just get so
overwhelmed emotionally in a very
positive way it's nice to know that some
of these individuals even though they've
gone through so much themselves are able
to just really enjoy the moment with
winter and just be inspired by the fact
that even though things may seem
hopeless even though things may seem
difficult that amazing things can happen
just like they happen for winter
[Music]
you